---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "astronomer_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-astronomer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A cluster within an organization. An Astro cluster is a Kubernetes cluster that hosts the infrastructure required to run Deployments.
---

# astronomer_cluster (Resource)

A cluster within an organization. An Astro cluster is a Kubernetes cluster that hosts the infrastructure required to run Deployments.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "astronomer_workspace" "dedicated" {
  name                  = "TF Workspace - Dedicated Deployment"
  cicd_enforced_default = true
  description           = "Workspace that demos a dedicated deployment set up"
}

resource "astronomer_cluster" "aws_dedicated" {
  cloud_provider   = "AWS"
  name             = "Cluster with Updated Name"
  region           = "us-east-1"
  type             = "DEDICATED"
  vpc_subnet_range = "172.20.0.0/20"
  k8s_tags         = []
  node_pools       = []
  workspace_ids    = [astronomer_workspace.dedicated.id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (String) The cluster's cloud provider.
- `name` (String) The cluster's name.
- `region` (String) The cluster's region.
- `type` (String) The cluster's type.
- `vpc_subnet_range` (String) The VPC subnet range.
- `workspace_ids` (List of String) The list of Workspaces that are authorized to the cluster.

### Optional

- `db_instance_type` (String) The type of database instance that is used for the cluster. Required for Hybrid clusters.
- `k8s_tags` (Attributes List) The Kubernetes tags in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--k8s_tags))
- `node_pools` (Attributes List) The list of node pools to create in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools))
- `pod_subnet_range` (String) The subnet range for Pods. For GCP clusters only.
- `provider_account` (String) The provider account ID. Required for Hybrid clusters.
- `service_peering_range` (String) The service peering range. For GCP clusters only.
- `service_subnet_range` (String) The service subnet range. For GCP clusters only.
- `tenant_id` (String) The tenant ID. For Azure clusters only.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The cluster's identifier.
- `is_limited` (Boolean) Whether the cluster is limited.
- `organization_id` (String) The organization this cluster is associated with.

<a id="nestedatt--k8s_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `k8s_tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The tag's key.
- `value` (String) The tag's value.


<a id="nestedatt--node_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools`

Required:

- `max_node_count` (Number) The maximum number of nodes that can be created in the node pool.
- `name` (String) The name of the node pool.
- `node_instance_type` (String) The type of node instance that is used for the node pool.

Optional:

- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether the node pool is the default node pool of the cluster.
